Yeah.
So these are a few more questions you need to know before we actually get into the cause.
So first how to communicate with the trainer for queries.
This is most important question which everyone wants to know and the last lecture I have clearly explained
that we provide lifetime instructors support.
But in what manner.
Like how there wasn't a communication channel established between a student and a trainer.
I'll show you that in this lecture.
Right.
So let's say you are watching this lecture.
This is Daba installations the action to lecture when you're going to this lecture you got stuck and
you need to clear that information before you proceed.
OK.
But that just go and click HERE browse Scotian and dancers button.
So when you click that the cushions window will get open.
So before you post the question you can check from the list of cautions available here.
These are already asked by the previous students.
Maybe you or dope may get clarified by going through discussions.
If not you may start asking a new question.
So let's say I'll just click on this.
Maybe you are not sure about the operating system which your system is on something like that a click
is and here you say which one to select for 32 bit operating system.
Then you can see that depends on what machine you have.
If you have data do it's a kind of replay you got and senting if you go through these let's say they
looking for that little bit.
And actually he is not finding that so I have provided him the link to download the 32 bit and he said
thank you.
So that's how basically students ask the questions and I reply here in this window pane.
OK so let's say that the push in which you want to ask is not present in the list of these are you'd
start typing.
Maybe you are not so sure about environment variable setting in Java.
Then type in read on and when you are typing.
You'll see that questions are related to your dome's are displaying.
If it doesn't display then go ahead and take this but I'm asking you a question.
OK so when you collect this you will have the text where you can enter your information and post Khashan
.
So I will be notified when you click on this post.
Question.
So then I log back into my account and write the replay for it.
OK so that's all we communicate.
If the answer was not satisfied or if we are not satisfied with the explanation I have provided in terms
of text then we are introducing a On-Demand Skype sessions on weekends where we actually invite you
to decide Skype session and you could directly ask our friends.
So as I said we have set of five people who are working to just solve student queries.
So if you are not satisfied with the answer provider as in this forum we will directly interact with
you and solve the question in the Skype session.
OK we have that flexibility but we do that only on the weekends.
We really should use up our timings and let you in on that.
OK so that's how you could ask the question and get answer.
Once I get replaced you will get modified again.
You can go through it and check for answer.
So most probably 99 percent all your queries will be solved in that discussion but only in some cases
where you are not satisfied with dancer.
We could take one more step ahead and read in live interaction so that you can browse the question and
answer and the next.
If you see that wheels are blurry go to sitting here and make sure you are on 720 pixels so that will
make use a bright video.
And if you feel that if you don't download this lecture just go ahead and click on download downloaded
.
This option may not be available for all the latest.
I have not enabled those for every lecture so most of the collectors have this option where you can
go ahead and download it.
OK and if you want to watch de-selected later point of time you could go ahead and say add bookmarks
so that it will be Mondas your favorite